Even my favorite roaster can't make a Robusta that I enjoy. This one has notes of maple, strawberry jam, and vanilla.      bad
A good choice for Affogato, as the sweetness makes this coffee drinkable.     good
A coffee I've already reviewed a while ago, that tasted even better this time.  good
Delicious single origin espresso from Costa Rica. Tastes sweet like vanilla, buttercream, banana, and kiwi.   good
Excellent choice for espresso lovers.    good
Omni roast I bought in Athens, Greece. This Ethiopian coffee has peach, grape, and cane sugar flavors. Light roast with a mild taste and low acidity.    neutral
Coffee from Burundi, made with Red Bourbon beans. Has notes of blackberry and honey.   neutral
It's sweet, fruity, and has a thin, tea-like body.   good
Coffee from Guatemala, processed naturally. Smells amazing and has flavors of mango and caramel.    good
Light and thin like tea, which I didn't like.    bad
This espresso from Brazil has a smooth blend of cacao, caramel, and cherry flavors.  neutral
 It has a nutty and chocolatey smell and is low in acidity.   neutral
Delightful medium roast with big beans at a fair price.     good
Full-bodied with caramel, malt, and almond notes. Perfect with oat milk!   good
Creamy coffee with a light roast. Great as filter and espresso.   neutral
Delicate flavors of almond, cocoa, and caramel with low acidity. Silky texture and mild taste.    neutral
Sweet and fruity, perfect for those who enjoy a stronger brew.    neutral
This espresso is sweet and full-flavoured with a rounded, cocoa-like body.   good
It has an exotic touch that adds a unique twist.  good
Filter coffee with praline and chocolate notes.   neutral
Its high acidity makes it taste like grapefruit and raisin, which may not suit everyone.   bad
Latvian-based roaster that exceed expectations. Their espresso impressed, but this filter coffee tops it.    good
Exquisite flavors of vanilla, caramel and cacao. Nothing short of perfection.    good
An unforgettable Latvian coffee! This outstanding espresso is a must-try, brimming with sweetness and fruitiness and hints of lime, blueberry, red wine and almond.   good
Ethiopia with floral notes of jasmine, complemented by tropical fruit and bergamot.  neutral
The taste of this mild, natural espresso, with flavors of strawberry, papaya, and banana, easily gets lost when milk is added.  bad
 I got used to it, but wouldn't recommend this one.   bad
A hint of milk chocolate and a smooth and delightful mouthfeel.  good
A natural, single origin espresso from Brazil that also has some fruity components, but isn't very spectacular.    bad
Must be ground very fine for espresso, which makes it difficult to extract correctly and evenly.    bad
Didn't like the taste when brewed as filter coffee.   bad
Light roasted coffee with a great smell.  good
Recommended for filter coffee, but works great for espresso, too.    neutral
Tastes like blueberry and blackberry. Sweet and floral with very little acidity.   neutral
Dry and very light roasted beans.    neutral
Almost as thin as a tea when brewed as filter coffee.    neutral
The fruity flavour with aromas of gooseberry and red grapes goes well with tonic water.   good
Tastes fermented and has flavors of strawberry and guava with a strong acidity.    neutral
Espresso that shares many characteristics with the previous one.   neutral
Dark roasted, boring and unpleasant consistency. Tastes like dark chocolate and toffee.    bad
Too dark for my taste. Next one please.   bad
Dark roasted espresso, full-bodied, intense with flavours of hazelnut, chocolate and molasses. Doesn't smell very good  but tastes perfect and even better with milk.   good bad
Small, natural beans with a sweet taste of blueberries, peach and chocolate cake.     neutral
Bonus points for using a cute dog as a logo.   good
Slightly darker roasted, natural beans with a fantastic, classic espresso flavor of chocolate, nougat and hazelnuts. Easy to brew. Hard to dislike.   good
Coffee with a full body, rich chocolate notes and a velvety texture. Super sweet and creamy espresso that unfolds its full aroma especially with milk and oat milk.   good
The result is an espresso with a strong acidity. Too strong for my taste.  bad
Espresso blend for everyone.      good
No acidity, but a full body.    neutral
Slightly darker roasted when compared with the previous Ruanda coffee.      neutral
Less acidity, more sweetness. Very balanced and with fruity and floral flavours.    good
Small, dry and lightly roasted beans with a great aroma and a very present and clear acidity. Tastes like red grapes and caramel. Produced by the Women's Coffee Project.    neutral
Excellent coffee with a sour, yet refreshing taste of green apples, muscovado and honeydew.    good
The coffee has a tingling mouthfeel that is both exciting and special.     good
Almost too dark for my taste, but with a great smell and a flavour of dark chocolate.   neutral

More medium than advertised, but with an extremely homogenous roasting. I couldn't find a single flaw among the beans.   neutral
The taste is a bit boring, but still good.     good bad
Drink slowly, as the taste reaches its peak with a short delay.   good
Balanced coffee with a subtle and sweet flavor of milk chocolate.   good
Great for espresso, cortado and perfect in combination with vanilla ice cream.   good
The roast itself was very inharmonious and contained both light and medium roasted beans.   bad
Perfectly balanced with fruity and sweet flavours of hazelnut, apple and caramel.   good
This espresso from El Salvador is great for everyday, but lacks something that makes it special.    good   bad
Fruity espresso that has a special taste right from the first sip, with aromas of strawberry, butterscotch and chocolate.   neutral
This espresso is a true fruit explosion and tastes like papaya, lavender and sweet jelly.    neutral
Perfect for those who are looking for something special.    good
Top-notch, even when enjoyed on ice.    good
Surprising how the coffee changes its flavors when it gets colder.     neutral
The longer you wait, the more chocolate taste you get. Never gets boring.     good
Floral with a light body. I liked the refreshing taste of vanilla and jasmine that came along with citrus flavors, but without the typical acidity of citrus.   good
I'm sure this one would work great with tonic water.    neutral
With a nice packaging and an even better espresso.   good
This one has a little acidity and a taste of milk chocolate and nuts with some fruity flavors.    neutral
Not only do they have one of the best smelling stores, they also have one of the best smelling coffees.   good
Fruity, clear and with a very defined acidity.    good
I'm a big fan of the minimalist design and the coffee, didn't disappoint.   good
A perfect espresso with almost no acidity.    good
Too sour without milk, too mild with milk. Can't recommend this one.   bad
A good espresso that tastes even better with milk thanks to the chocolate flavors and medium roast.    good
Perhaps the best filter coffee I've tasted so far.     bad
I was hoping for a surprise, but got disappointed. It tastes awful and reminds me of burnt rubber.    bad
Unfortunately a bit too mild, even though I like the flavors of lemon zest and honey.    bad
I didn't like the smell nor the taste, but I got so used to it   bad
Not too special, but neither boring.    neutral
A fantastic, slightly fruity espresso, but something was missing to make the taste perfect and recognizable.    good   bad 
The flavor and acidity are on point and perfect for a straight espresso.   good
An espresso for those who like chocolate, but don't want a dark roasted coffee.   neutral
The roast itself isn't perfect, but the taste is. Both as an espresso and as a filter.   good   bad
Grind the beans fine for a better result.   good
Espresso from one of my favorite roasters. Small, light roasted beans with low acidity.   good
An unusually light roasted house blend espresso that I could only enjoy with milk because of the strong acidity.    neutral
Good beans and roast, but not my taste.   bad
Neither too special nor too boring. Simply perfect.   good
I've never smelled and tasted a coffee like this.  neutral
 A strong, but extremely clear and defined acidity and a fruity taste of cherries and rosehips.   neutral
Light and fruity with a taste of chocolate and plums.    neutral
A bit too mild when enjoyed with milk, but great as a straight espresso. Especially because of the low acidity.    good
Fruity espresso with an almost tealike taste. Intense enough to be fantastic when paired with steamed milk, but not too lightly roasted to still be great as a straight espresso.    good
Another dark roasted espresso from SamyJu. A burnt smell with intensive roasting flavors that stay on your tongue. Not good.   bad
A full-bodied, but burnt flavor of dark chocolate and walnut. Definitely too dark for my taste.    bad
They describe the taste as tobacco, and they aren't lying. It even smells like an ashtray. Dark, rough and unfamiliar at first, but gets a bit better with time.    good bad
Fruity and chocolaty blend from Brazil with a pleasant smell and aromas of yellow fruits and milk chocolate.   good
 My favorite beans from Fjord.    good
The described flavours of red apple, vanilla and cranberry weren't highly developed and the espresso was darker and less fruity than expected. Clearly the weakest beans from Fjord.     bad
The beans are unusually large compared to most coffee beans.     neutral
Balanced and full-bodied with a taste of nuts and chocolate, but also with some slightly unpleasant flavors.     good   bad
The combination of lemon grass, cherry and orange zest results in fruity and tart espresso.      neutral
Fantastic beans and roasting, Try it, you will be surprised!    good
Dark roasted arabica and robusta blend with oily beans and a terrible taste that is described as a combination of honey and fudge.     bad
Full-bodied and creamy. Absolutely perfect in combination with (oat) milk.    good
The packaging suggests a fruity taste, but the chocolatey flavors clearly dominate. And that's great!    good
The extremely light roasting gives this filter coffee a shallow and fruity taste.   neutral
 It's more like a tea that should be enjoyed without other ingredients to get the most out of it.   neutral
The fruity and acidic taste of this espresso is pronounced from the first sip.      neutral
The roasting is on point and the cherry and jostaberry flavours are clearly recognizable.     good
Fruity and unusual. An espresso you will either love or hate.    neutral
Absolutely perfect in combination with steamed milk, but only average when enjoyed without.    neutral
A natural processed coffee with a floral aroma of lychee and wine.   neutral
A less fruity version that shares many characteristics with 'Lua Clara' from Suedhang. I liked this one a little less.    bad
Dark roasted with a taste of harsh cocoa, almond and roasted nuts.    bad
A roasting that perfectly represents the greatness of light roasted coffee beans.    good
I won't say that this is a bad coffee, but it was definitely too sweet and not my taste. Next one, please…     bad
Intense espresso with a fantastic taste. The slightly sweet chocolate and hazelnut flavours are perfect in combination with oat milk.   good
Chocolate, red apple and gooseberry sounds like an interesting combination, It  worked well when brewed on ice as this step amplifies the sweet flavours of the espresso.    good
Great espresso with natural processed beans and a taste of almond, blackberry and caramel. Intense and sweet.     good
Chocolate meets fruit.Succulent, intense and creamy.     good
Medium roasted espresso from Guatemala with chocolate, almond and cherry flavours.      neutral
Can't say which one I prefer as both are outstanding.      good
The chocolate, nuts and cherry flavours are perfectly balanced.   good
Espresso blend from Peru and Brazil. A perfectly dark roasted coffee. Tastes like a mix of chocolate, nuts and caramel and has viscous texture.     neutral
Light roasted coffee with a taste of black tee, cacao and lemon. Sweet, fruity and great for hot days.    good
No matter if enjoyed as a cold brew coffee with tonic or as a cold espresso with milk.     neutral
A type of espresso I usually enjoy, but this one didn't work for me.    bad
I've tried several combinations, but this espresso never tasted well.     bad
The roasting is on point and the taste a perfect combination of dark chocolate and nuts.    good
Works good with oat milk, especially when served cold.    good
Dark roasted with intensive roasting flavours, but an unpleasant taste of caramel, chocolate and dark berries.    bad
Dark roasted, but still complex, smooth and with a pleasant taste of berries.    good		
A fantastic espresso blend.      good
Same beans, but with a slightly different roasting profile. I personally wouldn't be able to distinguish them.      neutral
Dark roasted espresso from a small roastery in Stuttgart, Germany. Strong, but without tasting bitter or sour. Goes great with milk.      neutral
Dark roasted, single origin espresso. Rich in texture and with a strong, but boring taste of dark chocolate.     bad
An espresso blend that tastes great with milk and received recognition in the UK Great Taste Awards.    good
Refreshing coffee with a vibrant and intensive citrus acidity. The fruity taste of sweet wine, red grape and blackcurrant isn't for everybody.    bad
Full-bodied, dark roasted espresso with a great balance of strength, aroma and flavour. Tastes great with milk or as an Americano.    good
Slightly oily, medium roasted beans that smell like marzipan and rum. The taste of rum plums, blueberry and cocoa harmonises perfectly.    good
A pleasant smell of dark chocolate and nuts.    good
Expressive espresso with a bold caramel and chocolate taste and a hint of tropical fruit and cherry.      good
Full body and a flavour that leasts long.    good
The sweet smell and the strong taste of orange, milk chocolate and honey are a harmonious combination. A truly perfect coffee.    good
The slightly sour taste of chocolate, cherry and walnut wasn't to my liking, whether with or without milk.    bad
Light roasted coffee blend with dry beans and a woody smell. Extraordinary spicy taste, as the name suggests.     neutral
The sweet taste of chocolate and lemon curd works perfectly in combination with ice and cold milk.   good
Mixed arabica coffee from Brazil, Colombia and Congo with a marzipan and nougat flavor. Balanced and slightly sweet.    neutral
Medium-dark roasted blend from Brazil, Guatemala and Ethiopia. Slightly fruity with dominating chocolate aromas.       neutral
Boring espresso blend that consists of 20% robusta beans. Dark, rough and sadly without any complex flavours.    bad
The Holy Beans are back, but this time roasted by Ernst Kaffeeröster. Probably the best beans you can buy if you like the combination of chocolate and nuts.     good 
Pleasantly fruity with a balanced taste of wild banana and raisins.   good
A single origin coffee that is great for everyday, without being too extraordinary.     neutral
Soft, funky, medium bodied, but too sour when consumed without milk.    good  bad
Light-roasted espresso with a taste of red berries and almond.Fruity, intensive and slightly sour.     neutral
Perfect when combined with steamed milk.    good
This coffee not only smells like blueberry and strawberry, it also tastes like that.    neutral
 A beautiful fruity taste that convinced me immediately.    good
Mixed arabica coffee from Brazil, Colombia and Congo with a marzipan and nougat flavor. Balanced and slightly sweet.     neutral
Medium-strong, full-bodied and light roasted coffee with a berry taste, an aroma of caramel and a hint of brown sugar.     neutral
Fruity and sweet with a distinct aroma of cranberry and strawberry. Fresh citrus notes and chocolaty nuances complete the taste.      good
Dark roasted arabica/robusta espresso with aromas of milk chocolate, honey and caramel. Creamy, soft and sweet, full-bodied.      good
"En frugtbombe af en espresso" is how you would say in Denmark. And yes, this espresso is by far the fruitiest coffee I've ever tasted.     good
Crafted by a local roastery in Frankfurt, Germany.   neutral
The complete opposite of "Lampocoy Grand Cru". Perfectly roasted, good body and a fantastic chocolate taste. One of my all-time favorites.   good
Single origin coffee that tastes like bad coffee from the supermarket.     bad
Stagnant and watery without body. Couldn't enjoy this one.       bad
An excellent choice that's only slightly sour.    good  bad
Too sour for the day.     bad
Single origin coffee with a taste of apricot, caramel and almond. The fruity flavor perfectly harmonizes with milk.   good
The mellow taste of chocolate is good, but a bit boring.    good   bad
This coffee will wake you up. The small beans are strong, intense and fruity, but a bit too much for every day.       neutral
Dark roasted espresso from Cauca, Colombia with a tart and spicy taste.     neutral
Washed coffee that is slightly fruity and slightly chocolaty. The perfect mix for me.   good
Sweet, slightly sour and extremely fruity thanks to the taste of maracuya and blueberry. A truly special coffee.    good
Limited edition espresso with a mild taste of cinnamon and macadamia nut. Could need a little bit more power.    neutral
Tastes like golden apple, strawberry and nougat.     neutral
Smells good, tastes better. An espresso with beans from Huila in Colombia with flavors from almond and rosehip.    good
The perfect espresso for everyone who likes the fruity taste of blueberries, tropical fruits and chocolate.     good
Espresso blend of the season with a subtle fruitiness and a taste of sweet chocolate.     good
Fruity and mild with a taste of mango, blueberry and nectarine. Perfect for milk-free espresso drinks.    good
Espresso blend roasted by backyard coffee for a coffee shop in Frankfurt, Germany. Full-bodied and strong.    good
Not as strong and fruity as the packaging promised. A bit watery, but good when served as cappuccino.        good
Mixed arabica coffee from Brazil, Colombia, Ethiopia and Indonesia with an undefinable taste.     neutral
This coffee will wake you up with an intensive taste of lime along with strawberry and chocolate flavours.     neutral
You already know that this one is special when you smell it. The fruity taste of caramel and dark berries however couldn't convince me.     bad
Dominating notes of dark chocolate, cocoa and hazelnut. An excellent espresso and a flavor you will remember.     good
Complex, intensive and fruity with an appetizing smell. The perfect beans for a flavorful cappuccino.     good
A good combination of chocolate and raspberry flavors. The floury consistency makes it interesting and perfect for every day.   good
This coffee has with a boring taste of nuts.    bad
Creamy, but very light and unspectacular.    bad
Tastes like berries and nougat with a pleasant sweetness and a bit sourness. Voluminous for espresso and cappuccino.   neutral
The slight sourness and the taste of chocolate, nuts and berries make this beans a perfect choice for espresso and cappuccino.    good 
An excellent and intensive taste of vanilla, combined with a bit of raspberry and milk chocolate. Best served as cortado or cappuccino.    good
A Christmas special with the taste of almond, red apple and brown sugar. Not recommendable at all.    bad
Sweet, fruity, full-bodied and almost no sourness. Perfect for all espresso variations.     good
The chocolate version of the "Nudist Blend" with a sweet taste and full body. A good choice for espresso, cortado and cappuccino.     good
Dark and strong, but very monotone and unspectacular because of the missing sourness. Best served with milk.     bad
The slight sourness and the taste of chocolate and nuts make this beans a perfect choice for espresso and a good choice for cortado und cappuccino.    good
A special sounding coffee with the taste of nectarine, bergamot and citrus. The floury consistency is interesting, but the taste only average.   good  bad
Tastes like apricot and blackberry. The packaging calls it "juicy", but it's rather boring and only enjoyable as espresso.    good  bad
Macadamia, blood orange and honey are the flavors the roastery used to describes the coffee. It's sadly not as good as it sounds.    bad
Smells like heaven and tastes like blueberry and passion fruit. A stunning cappuccino thanks to the strong, fruity flavor.    good
